Hola, soy Carl Seaver y soy Kolchakwe, ingenieros de UX que crean prototipos de nuevas experiencias de búsqueda para Google. En las secciones anteriores de esta serie, has aprendido cómo los prototipos en papel, los dibujos y las herramientas de prototipado digital pueden ayudarte a explorar tus ideas y a tomar la dirección de tu equipo de diseño en los prototipos principales. o historias sobre el futuro que nos ayudaron a crear un sentido común de nuestro estado actual, nuestra visión del futuro y el camino que tomaremos para llegar allí. 

En esta sección hablaremos sobre el prototipo nativo y cuando decimos prototipo nativo nos referimos a ensuciarse las manos y escribir algún código que pueda significar escribir Android. con Java construyendo aplicaciones iOS con Swift o escribiendo HTML CSS y JavaScript para el navegador tanto como sea posible esto se hace usando dispositivos reales datos reales y usuarios reales nuestro objetivo para este video es mostrarte cómo puedes aprovechar la tecnología para dar vida a tus ideas esto te permitirá empezar a probar en escenarios del mundo real y empezar a presentar sus ideas a los usuarios y partes interesadas ahora vamos a mirar en cada una de estas áreas con más detalle y le mostraremos cómo se unirán para convertir su idea en un producto real

¿Sabe qué es lo mejor de ser un prototipo es juguetes montones y montones de juguetes cuando haces un prototipo nativamente empezarás a construir y probar tus ideas de diseño en dispositivos reales piensa en esto como una extensión de tu proceso de diseño toda esta tecnología se convierte en tu nuevo lienzo y el código que escribes se convierte en tu nuevo pincel todos sabemos que construir y la experiencia para nuestros teléfonos es importante pero como la experiencia de su producto si auser interactuó con él un reloj en el hogar en la TV o en un mundo virtual-pensar en cómo su producto es realmente la experiencia en el mundo real es uno de los objetivos principales de dataprototipo así que ¿cómo empezar bien-como usted puede haber adivinado este tipo de prototipo requiere fuerte dependiendo de la plataforma que uses, esto podría significar escribir código en Java Swift C++ Python JavaScript o en cualquier otro lenguaje de programación.

También tendrás que dominar el ecosistema y los SDKs de cualquier plataforma en la que estés construyendo, ya sea en el sistema operativo Androidi o en un navegador web. plataformas de hardware como la de arduino hoy en día nuestros dispositivos están cargados con tecnología, microscopios, acelerómetros, altavoces, cámaras, micrófonos, en el GPS son parte importante de la tecnología que ayuda a dar forma a la experiencia que el usuario tiene con el producto y todos ellos son muy difíciles de prototipar

herramientas de diseño tradicional como Photoshop o esbozar o incluso algunas de las herramientas de prototipado digital que vio antes a veces la mejor manera de prototipar una experiencia es escribiendo el código, pero cuando usted prototipo tiene una intención muy diferente lo llamamos la mentalidad de los hackers que usted estará explorando tomar un montón de riesgos y probablemente un montón de atajos en tu código y eso está bien, también debo mencionar que como llevas a cabo estas exploraciones, este es un gran momento para probar bibliotecas específicas y marcos y evaluaciones, si se ajustan bien a tu producto, recuerda que el prototipo está destinado a ser de bajo compromiso, siéntete libre de desechar el código cuando lo necesites y de verdad. Aproveche esta oportunidad de explorar y aprender en la siguiente sección. 

Carl le mostrará cómo puede aliar sus exploraciones de prototipos y comenzar a validarlas con usuarios reales ahora que tiene una base sólida sobre las tecnologías que utiliza para su aplicación. 

uno de los principales beneficios de la creación de prototipos nativos es que tendrás una experiencia realista que puedes poner en manos de tus usuarios para recoger valiosos comentarios, porque una buena experiencia de usuario es mucho más que el aspecto y la sensación de tu aplicación. 

y comprender cómo reaccionarán los usuarios a la animación de la maqueta y a las entradas, características de la experiencia para buscar la validación al 

principio del ciclo de vida del producto le ayudará a identificar las características que más resuenan con sus usuarios y a centrar sus esfuerzos de diseño y desarrollo en esa dirección. integrar el sencillo proceso de diseño prueba y validación del prototipo en su flujo de trabajo le dará la oportunidad de crear momentos más deliciosos en su aplicación y de llegar al punto óptimo con su público cuando busque comentarios de sus usuarios sea directo con la pregunta que espera responder utilizando el prototipopregunta para acciones específicas en los elementos importantes de tu viaje principal, te sorprenderá saber que las características que son importantes para ti pueden no ser tan importantes para tus usuarios. es más efectiva para guiar a su producto, dirección y equipo, porque tiene los datos para apoyar sus decisiones, ha explorado con la tecnología y ha puesto su producto frente a usuarios reales para obtener la validación. Está listo para una de las partes más importantes del prototipo.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

hi I'm Carl Seaver and I'm Kolchak
we are UX engineers that prototype new
search experiences for Google in
previous sections of this series you
learned about how paper prototyping
sketching and digital prototyping tools
can help you explore your ideas and set
a direction for your design team at the
core prototypes or stories about the
future they helped us create a shared
sense of our current state our future
vision and the path we'll take to get
there
in this section we'll be talking about
native prototyping and when we say
native prototyping we mean getting your
hands dirty and writing some code this
can mean writing Android applications
with Java constructing iOS apps with
Swift or writing HTML CSS and JavaScript
for the browser as much as possible this
is done using real devices real data and
real users our goal for this video is to
show you how you can leverage technology
to really bring your ideas to life this
will let you start testing in real world
scenarios and start pitching your ideas
to users and stakeholders now we'll look
into each of these areas in more detail
and show you how they'll come together
to turn your idea into an actual product
do you know what the best thing about
being a prototyper is toys lots and lots
of toys when you prototype natively
you'll start building and testing your
design ideas on real devices think of
this as an extension of your design
process all of this technology becomes
your new canvas and the code you write
becomes your new paintbrush we all know
that building and experience for our
phones is important but how would the
experience of your product change if a
user interacted with it a watch in the
home on the TV or in a virtual world
thinking about how your product is
actually experience in the real world is
one of the primary goals of data
prototype so how do you get started well
as you may have guessed this type of
prototyping requires strong technical
proficiency depending on which platform
you use this could mean writing code in
Java Swift C++ Python JavaScript or any
number of other programming languages
you'll also need to be proficient in the
ecosystem and SDKs of whatever platform
you're building on whether that be
Android
i OS a web browser or even hardware
platforms like they arduino nowadays our
devices are loaded with technology
gyroscopes accelerometers speakers
cameras microphones in the GPS are all
important part of the technology that
helped shape the experience your user
has with the product and they all are
pretty hard to prototype traditional
design tools like Photoshop or sketch or
even some of the digital prototyping
tools you saw earlier sometimes the best
way to prototype an experience is by
writing code but when you prototype you
have a much different intent we call it
the hackers mentality you will be
exploring taking a lot of risks and
probably a lot of shortcuts in your code
and that's okay I should also mention as
you conduct these explorations this is a
really great time to try out specific
libraries and frameworks and assess
whether they are a good fit for your
product remember prototyping is meant to
be low commitment feel free to throw
away code whenever you need to and
really use this opportunity to explore
experiment and learn in the next section
Carl will show you how you can take all
your prototype explorations and start
validating them with real users now that
you've got a solid baseline on the
technologies you use for your app you
need to consider how users will respond
to your new features one of the main
benefits of native prototyping is that
you'll have a realistic experience that
you can put in the hands of your users
to collect valuable feedback because a
good user experience is much more than
just the look and feel of your
application designing for your target
market means making the investment and
understanding how your users will react
to the layout animation and input
characteristics of the experience
seeking validation early in the product
lifecycle will help you identify the
features that most resonate with your
users and focus your design and
development efforts in that direction
integrating the simple process of design
prototype test and validate into your
workflow will afford you the opportunity
to craft more delightful moments into
your app and hit the sweet spot with
your audience when seeking feedback from
your users be direct with the questions
you hope to answer using the prototype
ask for specific actionable assessments
on the important elements of your core
journey you may be surprised to learn
that the features that are important to
you might not be as important to your
users building on the technology choices
you've made along the way you can gain a
better
understanding of how the whole
experience will come together you'll be
more effective in guiding your product
direction and team because you have the
data to support your decisions you've
gone through rounds and rounds of
iterations explored with technology and
put your product in front of real users
to get validation you're now ready for
one of the most important parts of the
prototyping process pitching your idea
it's one thing to explain your vision to
someone but what if you can hand it to
them
and let them feel and experience it all
for themselves at Google we are often in
the position of getting buy into a new
product initiative or feature with our
own stakeholders we use prototypes to
tell the stories of our ideas you can
start pitching at any point but when
you've invested time into exploring and
validating with prototyping you can tell
a very compelling story because you're
able to prove through the feedback and
data that you've accumulated that your
idea has a strong value proposition this
is why we recommend investing and
prototyping before getting locked
heavily into the engineering phase use
the process to build strong arguments on
why your product will succeed and let
the prototypes be the proof in this
video we've taught you the value of
native prototyping why you should
explore with technology how to validate
your products direction and effectively
communicate your vision to stakeholders
and users alike native prototyping can
be used at any point in your product
lifecycle whether it's a new product
launch or an upgrade to an existing
feature prototyping with real devices
real data and real users will put your
team on a fast track to success and help
you identify the sweet spot in the
marketplace for your app the key is to
invest in the process and leverage
prototyping is an integral part of your
workflow this will help you build better
products that your users will love thank
you for taking the time to watch our
prototyping series you've seen
everything from paper to digital and
Native prototypes and somewhere in that
spectrum is the right method to tell the
story of your idea
I encourage you to experiment with all
these tools see what feels right for
your idea in your organization there's
no silver bullet no magic process just
ways to design prototype test and
validate try build fail refine and
repeat so you can hit the sweet spot
with your audience thanks again
Oh 